Hospital Management System
===========================

Hospital management system is a web based application which automates hospital management process, hence the name.
This application is built using ruby on rails 3, bootstrap, jquery, html, Sqlite etc. The features provided by the application are following,
1. System access for entire staff of hospital, authentication and authorization for all the users.
2. Patient registration and tracking their details in a database.
3. Empowering doctors operating on a patient by providing them all the details like which other doctors and staff are working on
a patient and the details of their treatment.
4. Invoice generation.
5. Reports based on staff performance.
6. Export pdf documents of invoice and staff performance.
7. Ajaxified interaction for quick access to the details.

To explore the application, by default one user will be created with admin priviledges such as, creating other users (doctors and staff).
username and password of the default admin user are, "admin@hms.com" and "abc123" respectively.

How setup this application locally:

Pre-requisite
Ruby on rails stack is installed and working perfectly fine on your system.

Steps to setup the application:
1. check out the code for the repository.
2. Open cmd prompt (Windows) and navigate to the parent folder in which you checked out the code, and then execute following cmds
    (a) rake db:migrate
    (b) rake bootstrap:all (creates default user and populates few tables with data required by the app)
    (c) start the server - rails server
3.  now open the browser and navigate to URL => http://localhost:3000/login.


*Note this application is continously being improved, please suggest me if any improvements can be made.





